--------------------------------------------------
VEB OS - As of June 27, 2024
--------------------------------------------------

Quick Description:
The layout of VEB OS has been mostly setup and the
range of new technologies to be used are been set.

Added Features:
Directory Tree: VEB OS will be using a properly
branched tree in a more half way in between style.

Runtime Library:
The Runtime library will basically isolate
programs into threads, the system will handle
threads and video ram buffers to provide graphical
multitasking. Not all programs have buffers and
you can choose to free your programs buffers if
you want them in the background. Or even add a
buffer for a background program.

Runtime Instances:
The Runtime Instance Library is a build on the
standard runtime library however it is the version
used to handle user account sessions, each user is
divided into their own instance, running under the
core runtime, each instance is held with a header
which allows users to switch as the instance will
always replicate the state of the header, header
runs, thread runs, header pauses, everything
under the instance pauses, and dare to say a user
forgot to logoff, don't worry, you can shutdown
anyway but the session manager will give you a
warning.

Changed Features:
VEB OS was originally going to be heavily based on
security, however VEB OS should be a fun OS, not
some full business os, thats boring. VEB OS will
be for everyone, and will be heavily customizable.

--------------------------------------------------
June 27, 2024
